Future eat formats must be IETF standards (#194)
ietf-rats-wg/eat: draft-ietf-rats-eat.md

This document also defines the Detatched EAT Bundle {{DEB}}, a bundle of some detached Claims-Sets and CWTs or JWTs that provide protection for the detached Claims-Set.

The following CDDL defines the top-levels of an EAT token as a socket indicating future token formats may be defined.

> The definition of formats that plug into this socket must be IETF standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any new format that plugs into this socket MUST be defined in a IETF standards track document.
```
